[CROWD chattering]
So have the player killers left
the hunting grounds yet?
Looks that way.
When you talked to
Figaro about the PKs,
he did tell you that he was
going to figure out a way
to get them cleared out
of the southern territory.
But I wonder if he
had anything to do
with driving the others back.
I find that highly unlikely.
[ROOK]
How come?
[RAY] He's based in Gideon,
so it makes sense he'd open up
the southern grounds
as he passed through,
but the other three
were out of his way.
Back in the labyrinth,
he swore that by tomorrow the
road would be usable again.
That's great, but I'm
still curious as to why
the other PKs vanished
from the map.
Once the southern group
was defeated,
they may've fallen back.
Or maybe...
[RAY] While Figaro was
doing his thing,
someone else took out
the others at the same time.
[ROOK]
Could be.
[MARIE] Which is precisely
how it went down!
[ROOK]
Sorry, who are you?
Of course! Introductions!
This is who I am.
[RAY] Marie Adler. Says here
you're a Journalist.
What's "DIN?"
D.I.N, is an acronym for
"Dendrogram
Information Network."
The short and skinny
is we're newshounds,
but "borderless intelligence
agency" sounds so much cooler.
I take it you know the truth
about what happened?
I'm the D. I. N, baby!
[GROUP]
Hm?
Obviously, if you
really wanna know,
you gotta cough up the dough.
[grunts]
Fine, how much?
Whoa! Hold up! I can pay
for my half of it!
So, where to begin?
We'll start at the logical
place‐‐the end.
The band of player killers that
stalked the four corners of
the kingdom have
been annihilated,
and are currently waiting out
their penalty for dying.
You said bands?
[MARIE] Right.
So there's K&R in the east,
Mad Castle in the south, and
Goblin Street over in the west.
These were the
groups responsible
for taking out players.
[RAY] What about the north,
where I was killed?
And when are you going to
tell us who defeated them?
The short answer would
be the Four Superiors
who are loyal to
the Kingdom of Altar.
We're talkin' players
who evolved
their Embryos to
their seventh form.
The PK clans would still be
around if it wasn't for them.
[RAY]
Superiors...
First up, there's King of
Destruction, the Unknown.
Then Figaro, the Endless Chain.
Tsukuyo Fuso of the
Lunar Society clan.
Finally, Lei‐Lei,
the Prodigal of Feasts.
Each of those four
wiped out one clan apiece.
What's that?
[MARIE]
Think of it as a television.
While it's great to hear me
relate these events,
why not peer into the orb
and see with your own eyes
how it played out?
Let's start in
the south, shall we?
[PLAYER A panting]
[GORO MUSHOKU] How's your
stamina holding out newbie?
[panting]
[BARBAROY growls]
[BARBAROY laughing]
[BARBAROY] Come on now, boy.
All you have to do is inflict
one point of damage on me,
and I'll let you go.
[gasping]
[yelling]
That's hard to watch.
We're brutal, but nothing
compared to the boss!
[GORO MUSHOKU laughs]
Got that right!
[NIGHT BULL]
He's using Damage Decrease
and Damage Reduction
at the same time.
No way the kid's gonna deal
a fraction of a point,
even if he managed
to land a critical hit.
[yells]
[BARBAROY laughs]
Times' up, scrub.
[whimpering]
[BARBAROY grunts]
[BARBAROY] Damn. I love
being a player killer!
[BARBAROY laughing]
[MOHAWK X] Ten thousand lir
for every dead player
leaves us with a
pretty sweet haul.
[GORO MUSHOKU] We're sure not
getting as many passing through
these days. Guess they're
runnin' scared.
And I heard the gang
out east has nothin' to do.
The guys out to the west
are apparently staying busy
hunting tians, and I hear
business is booming.
Then again, Goblin Street's
always been nuts.
[BARBAROY]
Don't forget about the north.
Of course, not! Now,
who rules the north?
[BARBAROY]
There's no gang up there,
it's just a single person.
And their name is...
[JOKE ALPHA]
Good news, boss!
We got fresh meat
headed your way!
[BARBAROY]
Excellent. Send them through!
[JOKE ALPHA] Roger that!
Wait till you see 'em.
They look real‐‐ Ahh!
[FEVOICE] Joke Alpha has logged
out as a penalty for dying.
[BARBAROY laughs]
Funny, but now's not the...
[VOICE] Loward Beltmars has
logged out as a penalty...
Dread Murdaw has logged out
as a penalty for dying.
[ALL grunt]
[BARBAROY]
Astro Guard!
[GROUP screaming]
[BARBAROY] Tch. Useless. But
let's see how much luck they
have damaging an opponent who's
quintupled his defensive stats.
[BARBAROY] Wait a minute.
Those chains...
[FIGARO]
So many roadblocks out today.
[BARBAROY] You're Figaro.
The Over Gladiator!
[FIGARO] And you're an
Armor Giant, I take it.
Naturally, you should have
great defensive stats,
but this level of
toughness is rare.
Is your Embryo focused
on defense or something?
Whatever the case,
I've taken out every player
killer on my way up.
One left. I assume
you're their boss.
[BARBAROY grunting]
What if I am?
That's perfect‐‐
cause I want to get traffic
moving along this path again.
If you retreat right
now, you can live.
[BARBAROY]
I see you equipping
multiple Unique Boss Monster
weapons like it's no big deal.
Not able to steal 'em,
so there's no point fighting.
[BARBAROY]
Very well.
Mad Castle will withdraw
from the area immediately.
Oh. Really? That's good to hear.
[BARBAROY]
Shall we use this contract?
Since you have one on you,
I don't see why we shouldn't.
[BARBAROY]
Sign here. Barbaroy.
All done. Have a look.
[BARBAROY] No point getting
banned. I know my limits.
[BARBAROY]
Four meters.
[BARBAROY] Besides,
I'm the only one left.
[BARBAROY]
Three meters...
[BARBAROY] The smart thing
to do would be to retreat.
[BARBAROY]
Right after I kill you, that is!
Heaven's Weight!
[BARBAROY laughing]
As if it would crush
a Superior to death!
I'll just leave that part to
my Embryo's ultimate skill!
Astro Guard!
[BARBAROY]
Atlas!
[BARBAROY] This converts
defensive power into offensive,
boosting my attack tenfold
for ten seconds!
Doesn't matter who you are, a
direct blow means instant death!
I'll shatter you into
a thousand pieces!
Now... Die!
[BARBAROY]
No way! The gravity should be
500 times stronger
than normal!
Heh.
[BARBAROY gasping]
[BARBAROY yelps]
[BARBAROY grunts]
I... I can't breathe!
[BARBAROY] What if his Embryo
was already activated
and that's how he
nullified my attack?
[BARBAROY grunts]
[BARBAROY] It's just a game!
I shouldn't feel any pain!
So why am I sure
this is going hurt?
I gotta say, that was
one brutal fight.
[MARIE] And thus,
you've witnessed how
everyone in Mad Castle
met a bitter end.
Now, how about we
look towards the east.
Who are those people?
The Lunar Society.
[gasps]
[ALL gasping]
[ALL groaning]
[K&R groans]
[K&R groaning]
[K&R groan]
[MARIE] She's the spiritual
leader of the clan known as
the Lunar Society,
but her religious sect
started in Japan,
before she started playing.
Her name is Tsukuyo Fuso.
She brought her religion
into the game?
Like she had a choice.
According to her faith's first
tenet, you're to escape the
shackles of flesh and embrace
the true world of the soul.
My guess is she believes
Dendro is the utopia
she and her followers
have been searching for.
I'm not sure I understand.
Now that they're here and
accomplished their goal,
what's there left to do?
[MARIE] Which brings me
to the second tenet.
Once you've discovered
this world of freedom,
go forth and celebrate your
liberty to the soul's content.
Or something like that.
Uhh...
As far as we know,
her decision to hunt down
player killers is fairly recent.
It started when someone picked
off one of her newbie believers.
Imagine taking out one player
and having an entire clan
after you. It's a pretty
scary thought.
[laughs]
[MARIE] Next up, let's take
a look at the west.
[WARRIOR A groans]
[WARRIOR B growls]
[WARRIOR C screams]
[WARRIOR D groans]
[RAY]
Yeah, I lost my appetite.
[MARIE] Her name's Lei‐Lei,
Prodigal of Feasts.
She has a nasty habit
of poisoning new
players with elixirs.
We don't know why she's
going after PKs.
And finally, we have the north!
[RAY]
Where I died...
[RAY] So, uh, Marie, who is
killing players up there?
Very little is
known about them.
Only that they were
hunting in Noz Forest.
And they're a Superior Killer.
[RAY]
Does that mean...?
[MARIE] I should just
play you the video.
[ROOK]
Um, what is this?
[MARIE]
Shhh! Just keep watching!
[MARIE] This part right here!
You see it back there?
[RAY]
Some kinda shadow?
[MARIE] That's the mysterious
King of Destruction.
The shadow you're
observing is his Embryo,
which we have on good
authority is a battleship.
I didn't realize Embryos
like that even existed.
We're just going off
rumors at this point.
Based on the destruction,
seems unlikely anyone,
including the Superior Killer,
would've survived.
Actually, despite the flames
reducing Noz Forest to cinders,
we know he was able to
make it out in one piece!
Shocking, right?
[NEMESIS]
Oh, yeah?
[GROUP gasps]
That's great news,
isn't it, Master?
[RAY grunts]
[RAY]
They're out there somewhere.
[RAY] It's hard to believe
a single player
is responsible for
all this damage.
[NEMESIS] I heard the Knights
put out the fire.
You're a Paladin now.
Don't you think you ought
to be here helping out, Ray?
[RAY chuckles]
Whoever this guy is,
he survived an attack
that erased an entire forest.
The way I see it, we should
be grateful he did.
You and I swore to
defeat him ourselves.
And nothing's gonna stop us.
[NEMESIS gasps]
Do you see that?
[RAY]
Nemesis? Where are you going?
Uh! What the...?
[gasps]
[NEMESIS]
Sure took your time.
[RAY grunts]
[RAY]
Cheshire?
[CHESHIRE]
Mm‐hm.
Thank you, but what're you
doing all the way out here?
Environmental maintenance
prep, you could say.
It's not my job, but I'm getting
reconstruction started.
But I'm the one who
should be surprised seeing
the two of you here. Since
players can't normally enter.
[RAY]
Really? They can't?
Oh, rarely. But you do have
a Maiden Embryo at your side,
so anything's possible.
[RAY]
What makes them so different?
Well, in some ways,
they're very similar ******
functionality, for example.
[RAY] Uh, could you
repeat that last part?
So sorry! That data couldn't be
put into words and was garbled.
So, you should probably
forget I said anything.
[RAY] Some confidential
duty, perhaps?
So, Noz Forest. You're
planning to repair the damage?
We won't directly
recreate the woods.
Although, we can arrange
certain factors
that allow a similar
landscape to grow.
[RAY]
And why's that?
[CHESHIRE] This is a free world,
and we don't undo the effects
a creature or player's
autonomous actions have on it.
There are some exceptions, like
a control AI for punishments.
So, hold on.
If player killers don't suffer
consequences, who does?
[CHESHIRE]
Hmm...
Someone on a country's most
wanted list, I suppose.
You do know this
world has laws?
However, if a user is arrested,
they can escape by either
logging out or dying.
We have a player jail
specifically for them.
That makes sense.
If death or being arrested
were the only penalties,
you'd have repeat offenders.
Even if you're on
the most‐wanted list,
you won't be sent to the jail
as long as you stay alive.
The system in place
sure sounds lenient
when it comes to criminals.
It's been a while since I met
with someone like this.
Not counting registration,
that is.
Wish I could give you
something as a souvenir.
Unfortunately, that's frowned
upon for us admin types.
No sweat.
You did supply us with tea
and snacks, so thanks!
Yep! And they were delicious!
You've still got a
little on your face.
[NEMESIS gasps]
Before you go, you're heading
towards Gideon pretty soon,
aren't you, Ray?
I am. There's someone
in that direction
I need to thank personally.
[CHESHIRE]
Be careful.
There any particular reason?
Well, let's see.
While I'm not sure how much I
can reveal, I will say this.
The ogre's heart lies
within its stomach.
Huh?
Heh! Just something
to keep in mind.
Goodbye! Hope we see
each other in the future!
[RAY] There are a ton
of mission requests here.
It's understandable.
With the roads opened again, the
merchants want security while
they make deliveries on
all of their trade routes.
There's something I've
been meaning to ask you.
What job did decide on, Rook?
Oh, I'm a Pimp!
I didn't know that was an
actual job in this world.
So, like, what're your skills?
Well, these are just the
ones I've gotten so far.
And based on those skills,
I'm thinking it must be some
kind of monster‐taming job.
Know what? I bet you'll
figure it out one day.
And since you were good enough
to share yours with me,
here are my skills.
Whoa. Both Paladin's Aegis
and Instant Wield?
How cool is that?
Say, can Nemesis use Counter
Absorption all on her own now?
Or that other one,
Vengeance is Mine?
[NEMESIS] Yes to the first.
No to the second.
In order to do that move,
I need to become a weapon
and get equipped.
Yeah? Glad I know that now.
[NEMESIS]
Hey Master, listen to this!
On the road leading to Gideon,
we could encounter Lobohta,
King of the Pack and Great
Miasmic Ogre Gardranda,
boss monsters with huge rewards!
I hope we find them!
I'm not really big on
willingly endangering myself.
I need your opinion, Rook!
I'm thinking the Special Pudding
à la Mode paired with
the Death Sauce on the side
would be to die for!
You want in on this?
I'm not really big on
willingly endangering myself.
[CROWD murmuring]
Uh?
[RAY]
I'm not surprised.
Three of our five party
members are attractive,
so figures we'd get noticed...
Uh! Five?
You again?
What do you want now?
Turns out there was some
business in Gideon I had to
take care of and figured I'd
pick up a quest along the way.
By sheer luck, I overheard
you were also headed
in that direction.
And I just simply
had to join you!
Well... I don't really mind,
myself. Do you, Rook?
I think that's a great idea.
A bigger party is safer.
That's true.
This is gonna be my first time
traveling to another city.
I'm pretty well acquainted
with life on the road.
Leave everything to me!
Okay, then how about this one?
Says it's a level two quest.
"Ensure the delivery of goods
from the local Guild
to the one in Gideon."
Thirty thousand lir!
Well, I'm on board.
Does that sound good to you?
Like you needed to ask.
Then it's settled.
Already? But I didn't get a
chance to eat my pudding yet!
[RAY] All right! Then I'll
go and get us signed up.
How about we all call it
a day, and in the morning,
we'll head out. You guys don't
have any plans, right?
I'm good. My schedule
is pretty open.
Same goes for me‐‐free.
Unemployment will do that.
Then first thing tomorrow,
we set out on our quest!
[ROOK grunts]
[GOBLINS growling]
[BODYGUARD C]
Goblins?
[BODYGUARD A]
Why're there so many?
Damn it!
There's no way we can handle
'em all by ourselves, sir!
We gotta take the wagon and go!
[whinnies]
[GOBLINS laughing]
Were they just taunting us?
Heh. Looks like we're
gonna make it.
[BODYGUARDS grunt]
[BODYGUARD A]
What in the...?
[BODYGUARD B]
Impossible.
[BODYGUARD C]
Gardranda!
[GARDRANDA roars]
[RAY] "Like a Flag
Flying the Reversal."